we need to take all of our learnings
from this year and apply them rather
aggressively in the Assaf season that
starts with a GM and probably a bunch of
things to follow on on behind it but but
I'm sort of excited to really like get
started finalizing those details well it
is the end of week 9 of the LCS I'm
joined by hunter from golden Guardians
talk a little bit about golden Guardians
first year and the LCS now that their
season is complete as definitely walks
by so hunter one year done season one
done tough season yeah yeah I think
really tough season and a tough way to
end a tough season for sure we were five
and four
I think tied for second like the first
half of the split was going was going
much better and it seemed like we had
sort of figured some things out and you
know we'll have to do a longer
post-mortem on this the second half and
see you know what are the changes we
made really stuck and worked and what
different but a brutal a brutal end to a
tough year yeah I mean what do you what
do you think went wrong in the second
half if anything I would think the meta
chat like I don't think our success in
the first half of the year was really
meta related I think we had a volatile
group and I'm not sure we handled that
volatility maybe as well as we could
have but that being said the guys were
working hard the whole way through I
think we were we were working on our
challenges all the way we just I don't
know just unlucky
yeah unlucky and Dean here comes the
glowing Guardians guys now well let them
pass as I move on to the next question
which is what what happens now for you
guys like how do you rebuild so that you
can take the lessons that you learned
from this year and and sort of move on
with them into next year yeah so I mean
i learning year for sure on virtually
every level you know and i think we we
announced early on in the year that we
were hiring a general manager this was
something that we had talked about doing
coming into last year but that honestly
the timetable between being selected for
a franchise and start a season didn't
give us the opportunity to do the kind
of exhaustive search that would have
ended up I think with a really X
candidate with the longer runway to do
this and going into the summer split
knowing that these were responsibilities
that we were all going to be better off
of I you know sort of hand it off and
really put somebody in a position to to
do full-time I'm really excited about
the kind of final handful of candidates
that we've got and what that means for
the roster and the whole sort of
competitive pipeline from like scouting
both domestically and internationally
through Academy through LCS and onward
we have ambitious goals for all of this
and applying all of those learnings you
know sort of starting next year I mean I
guess sort of starting three weeks ago
but really continuing them through a
couple of key hires this offseason into
the next year
is really is born when we think about
you know down the road winning any
Championships going to Worlds you know
doing well at Worlds getting out of
group semis winning worlds in the long
run we need to take all of our learnings
from this year and apply them rather
aggressively in the Assaf season that
starts with a GM and probably a bunch of
things to follow on on behind it but but
I'm sort of excited to really like get
started
finalizing those details would so that
would this be a situation where you hand
off basically control of like the
coaching lineup support staff lineup
roster all that over to this GM yeah I
mean we really think of this as
something that's designed to mirror the
traditional sports GM role which is not
something that most eSports works have
had historically there been kind of I
think the kind of team mom janitor sort
of version of this GM role which is not
not a slide on any of the people that
have been in that role previously a lot
of the owners like Jack and Andy and
Steve have done a lot of traditional GM
stuff you know kind of the way I did and
owners continue to do to this day we're
we're trying to put something that feels
a lot like a just reporting on he has
total control of the competitive
pipeline a clear budget to work from you
know doesn't mean that I have zero
inside their input it's a conversation
all the way through but we're trying to
really empower somebody to take
ownership of this they would really own
the competitive side of this absolutely
you know and there's pros and cons that
come along with that right but like we
really want to get somebody in place and
put us sort of three to five year plan
in place that they are really kind of
setting the tone for and working with us
to set expectations for growth and
development over each split you know and
I think it's been difficult for any
eSports team to think three or five
years out at all it except for at a hot
very high level
business perspective certainly
competitively the way the league has
been set up you really needed to be
almost gamed a game week to week I think
I think we want to be really taking that
long view and making the most of that
opportunity now I'm very curious what
your impression is of the Warriors take
on golden Guardians this first year
because you guys from the start already
said this was gonna be a year to build
but having such a disappointing into the
split split or season like where do you
think they stand on their investment I
guess yeah I think they're still just as
excited as they are a year ago I don't
think that mean everybody would have
preferred to win more you know losing
sucks and they're extremely competitive
people so losing is hard for them for
sure and I still get lots of text every
game about what we're doing well and
what we're not and what kind of hot
takes and / reactions they have for for
solving our problems but it doesn't
damper their enthusiasm going into next
year we're really excited about having
summer finals at Oracle in our backyard
we're gonna be doing a lot of fan
interaction both in the bay area kind of
leading up to the games themselves and
then on site and during the games and
stuff so I mean I think we're ready to
show the the continued enthusiasm for
all of this and it's just convenient
timing in a sense that that that we're
gonna have the game locally and we'll be
able to show that so I'm not worried
like we're we're continuing to invest
just as much as we did coming into this
year if not more and I think some of
these key hirings are clear sign of that
yeah I forgot to mention or forgot to
ask the Oracle thing is interesting
what are they except how how much did
like the Oracle thing touch the golden
Guardians thing and how much will you be
leveraging that it sounds like you're
doing some stuff there yeah so I think
this isn't immediately obvious but the
Warriors don't own Oracle Arena they're
a tenant in it just like anything else
that it's it's owned by somebody else
that's complicated story but anyway so
when riot wants to go to Oracle they
don't make out a deal with the Warriors
themselves or golden Guardians
they there's a landlord there and it's a
little more complicated than all of that
but I think it yeah it shouldn't that
doesn't imply that there was nothing
involved in that decision right like the
Warriors were were part of helping to
get that deal done
and and I think we are taking full
advantage of a lot of the opportunity
having our homework are bringing lots of
potential sponsors out and existing
sponsors we're having bringing a lot of
the warriors employees to the game so
that they can check out League of
Legends live in a person we're bringing
a bunch of our guys up for a different
event so I think we want to bring some
of the elements that make warriors home
games really fun to the league audience
and show them some of that and also
bring a lot of the warriors people to a
league of Legends of Anton's show them
what that looks like okay now I just
want to ask you you know it's it's kind
of an interesting world that teams find
themselves in whenever they don't make
it especially in a world with no
relegation to worry about promotion you
have like four to five months of nothing
until this all comes back yeah what what
are you guys saying a deal obviously it
sounds like general managers may be part
of that yeah I mean we need the time you
know like I think a team I don't know
you know someone like fly quest right
that really figured some things out and
it's gonna go into playoffs and maybe
make some noise
they're probably looking at a really
long break and it's more frustrating
right like we're riding high let's just
keep playing games we're definitely in
the other position we're having a lot of
time to sort of reset and figure out
what's working and what's not and really
try to make some changes it's really
important that gives an opportunity
whether that's you know a very different
roster or a slightly different roster a
Korean bootcamp not a Korean boot camp
we're gonna move into a you know we were
in a sort of team house structure this
year we're gonna move into an office and
and sort of housing nearby issues
situation I think that's good that's
something we have a bunch of offseason
plans that we need all this time for
just outside of the kind of competitive
work that we want to do to make the
lineup better for next year all right
well at the end of this interview I do
have to inform you some unfortunate
stuff a lot of people full disclosure I
try to disclose this in any of my
interviews with hunter know that hunter
and I used to work together we're
friends with Nick Allen who I'm also
about to interview from CLG as well as
Kelby May who works on the eSports scene
as well because last week I looked and
you know I'm broadcast to just showed at
CLG gone Guardians the only two teams
the first two teams that aren't that are
completely disqualified from worlds
Kelby and I had a discussion we're
replacing you guys you and Nick with
Stephen and maybe Jack maybe nadeshot
we're not sure yet nature that's got a
big
following but that's fine you've been a
burden to me both socially and
financially all the years that we've
worked together and if I can shed that
this offseason another big win for ggs
another big wave for Jesus he says after
the zero nine of the second half sure if
that makes anything you want to say to
any of the fans out there no I mean I
think thank you for staying with us you
know it's been it's been one one roller
coaster of a year for sure but honestly
we've had we've developed a great
relationship with the fans we have our
discourse server is sort of humming
along we get a lot of great comments on
Twitter and other things so it's been a
lot of fun bigger and better next year
for sure and hopefully come out to
Oracle like I really everybody in the
Bay Area or people who were traveling to
the Bay Area come out to Oracle come to
some of the events we're doing a hit
beforehand we'd love to meet you and see
you in person well thank you so much for
the interview looking forward to seeing
what those events look like I'm sure
you'll be announcing soon yes Twitter
was a good place to find out about that
starter a good place very good thank so
much to Omni / - I forgot shout out to
begin this interview because I was so
distracted you can check out the rest of
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey hope you
enjoyed that interview I certainly did I
I'm actually gonna rewatch it several
several several times after this anyway
my point is I want to say thanks to all
me slash for supporting this content and
also wanted to mention something to you
if you're running adblock on this
YouTube channel right now that's sad but
I've got away at what you can make me
happy if you have Amazon Prime you can
get twitch Prime you just link your
Amazon primary twitch account you can
link click the twitch link in the
YouTube description and give me your
FREE Twitter Prime that's actually kind
of cool anyway thanks again omni slash
thanks for watching that's it